#define keywordS    9000
#define FVs         9001
#define krecordS    9002
#define simfilE     9003
#define extenS      9004
#define varianT     9005
#define stanD       9006
#define landscapE   9007
#define treedatA    9008
#define locatioN    9009
#define SLf         9010
#define spacescopE  9011
#define timescopE   9012
#define prograM     9013
#define commanD     9014
#define availStanD  9015
#define translatoR  9016
#define addfilE     9017
#define groupCode   9018
#define freeForm    9019
#define componenT   9020
#define mstexT      9021
#define msnamE      9022
#define pkeY        9023
#define atlisT      9024
#define parameteR   9025
#define pkeydatA    9026
#define pstrinG     9027
#define startYeaR   9028
#define endYeaR     9029
#define postproC    9030
#define cyclE       9031
#define parmS       9032
#define selecTW     9033
#define mgmtiD      9034
#define casE        9035
#define cycInterval 9036
#define ppE         9037

HTOPIC XVT_TPC_GLOSSARY "Glossary"
'
\n
'note that glossary.fmt is made from glossary.lst
#include "glossary.fmt"
\w
BTOPIC keywordS "Keywords"
Keywords are FVS commands.  They are entered in the first 8 columns
of the input records to FVS.

BTOPIC FVs "FVS"
FVS is the acronym for Forest Vegetation Simulator, previously known
as the Prognosis Model for Stand Development.  FVS is the simulation
model that Suppose uses to run simulations.

BTOPIC krecordS "Keyword Records"
Keyword records contain data that are read by FVS in running a simulation.  
A file of keyword records, called a simulation file, is created by Suppose 
for each simulation. 

BTOPIC simfilE "Simulation file"
The file of keyword records read by FVS to run a simulation.  This file is 
created by Suppose, and can also be read and edited from within
Suppose.  The file name has the extension \fc.key\f0.

BTOPIC extenS "Extension"
An FVS extension is an optional addition to FVS that extends the base
FVS system capabilities.  Examples include the Regeneration
Establishment model, the Cover/Shrub model, and pest models.

BTOPIC varianT  "Variant"
An FVS variant is a base FVS model that is calibrated for a specific
geographic region.  Variants are know by two-letter abbreviations for
example: NI=Inland Empire, EC=East Cascades, and BC=British Columbia.

BTOPIC stanD    "Stand"
A forest stand is an area of land occupying between 2 and 50 hectares (4
to 100 acres) wherein the primary vegetation is recognized as similar
in habitat and composition.

BTOPIC landscapE "Landscape"
In Suppose, a landscape is a collection of forest stands.  Most
landscapes are a collection of contiguous forest stands.

BTOPIC treedatA  "Tree Data"
The measurements for each tree in a stand are entered into tree data 
records.  All the records for one stand are called the tree data.

BTOPIC locatioN  "Location"  scope space location
A location represents a set of stands.  All locations are defined in 
a locations file. 

BTOPIC SLf "Stand List File" scope space location
A stand list file contains a list of stands corresponding to a single 
location.  All locations are defined in a locations file.

BTOPIC spacescopE "Spatial Scope" scope space 
The geographic extent of a simulation is the simulation's spatial
scope.  Within Suppose, the collection of stands in a simulation
defines the simulation's spatial scope.

BTOPIC timescopE "Temporal Scope" scope time
The length of time that a simulation represents defines the 
simulation's temporal scope.

BTOPIC prograM "Program"
An FVS program is a computer program that is based upon a specific 
geographical FVS variant and may contain one or more FVS extensions.

BTOPIC commanD "Command"
A command, in the context of Suppose, is an specific operating system
command used to run FVS.  (e.g., "Run command: test.bat" in the
information window you see when you use the Run Simulation button.)

BTOPIC availStanD "Available Stand" scope space location
An available stand is one that can be included in the simulation.  All
available stands are listed in a stand list file.  All stand list
files are listed in the locations file.

BTOPIC translatoR "Translator" stand file location
A computer program that reads tree- and stand-level data from some 
existing source to a format that can be read directly by Suppose and FVS.

BTOPIC addfilE "Addfile" stand keyword include
A file of keywords that is added as a component in a run.  Addfiles
can be specified in the stand list file or in the locations file.

BTOPIC groupCode "Group Code" stand group addfile include
A stand can be a member of one or more groups.  A group code is the
name of a group.

BTOPIC freeForm "Free form" file locations stand_list group_code
"Free form" is a method of coding a text file wherein the fields are
all coded on each data record in the correct order but without regard
to exact column placement.  Most Suppose files are coded free form.

BTOPIC componenT "Component" component keywords
A component contains one or more keywords that typically represent
some management action.  Each component is associated with a Suppose
window that can be used to create and edit it.  Components are part of
the simulation file. 

BTOPIC mstexT "MSText" parameters_file
MSText is a major section of the parameters file.  

BTOPIC parameteR "Parameters File" parameters_file MSText PKeyData
The parameters file is a data file that contains information critical
to Suppose.  Definitions of keywords and their fields and lists of
species codes by FVS variant are examples of information in this file.

BTOPIC msnamE "MSName" parameters_file
MSName is the name of a major section of the parameters file.  An
example of a major section may be the information related to a single
FVS keyword or the list of species codes for a single FVS variant.  A
major section is comprized of a collection of parts called PKeyData
objects.

BTOPIC pkeydatA "PKeyData" parameters_file 
PKeyData are subcomponents of major sections in the parameters file.
Each PKeyData object contains 3 parts: a PKey, an ATList, and a  
and PString.  

BTOPIC pkeY "PKey" parameters_file
A PKey is the name of a PKeyData object. 

BTOPIC atlisT "ATList" parameters_file 
An ATList (an "applies-to list") is a list of tokens (usually Variant
identifiers) that define the case(s) to which a given PKeyData object applies.

BTOPIC pstrinG "PString" parameters_file
The PString is the data part of a PKeyData object.

BTOPIC startYeaR "Common starting year" scope time 
Stand dynamics for all of the stands in a simulation are automatically
simulated to the common starting year.  Suppose insures that the
common starting year is not prior to the most recent inventory year
of any stand in the simulation.

BTOPIC endYeaR "Common ending year" scope time
The simulation will end on, or after, the common ending year for all
stands in the simulation.  This year must be greater than the common
starting year.  The simulation will end after the common ending year
when that year does not coincide with an FVS cycle year.

BTOPIC cycInterval "Common cycle length" scope time
The cycle length in years used for all the cycles that follow the
common starting year and for all the stands in the simulation.

BTOPIC cyclE "FVS cycle" scope time
The temporial resolution of FVS is a cycle.  Typical cycles are 10 years long 
but 5 years is used in some variants.

BTOPIC postproC "Post processor"
A computer program that further processes the output of a simulation.  
A post processor can be added to a simulation using Suppose.

BTOPIC parmS "FVS Parms feature"
A feature of some FVS keywords whereby parameters of the keyword are
entered as expressions of Event Monitor variables rather than
constants.

BTOPIC selecTW "Selections Window"
The Selections window is the window that contains a major set of
buttons for accessing the most important features of Suppose.  On Unix
systems, it is the only "opened" Suppose window when you start
Suppose.  On MS-Windows it is a Window within the Suppose Task Window.
The features of Suppose accessed using the Selections window can also
be accessed using the Basics menu item.

BTOPIC mgmtiD "Management Identification"
Within FVS, each stand is identified with a stand identification and a
4 character management identification.  The MgmtID keyword is used by
FVS to set this value.  Suppose automatically adds this keyword using
the value you specify in the "Change Group Membership" window.

BTOPIC casE "Case"
A case is a one stand run with one set of FVS options or a case may be
the weighted average of two or more other cases.  There may be many
cases in a simulation file, each representing several different stands
all run with the same options.  On the otherhand, many cases in a
simulation file may be the same stand run with several different
options.  The term is used in the Generate Reports window.

BTOPIC ppE "Parallel Processing Extension (PPE)"
The PPE is an Extension to the FVS system that simulates all the
stands in a run through time in parallel rather than serially. It
allows the system to represent the dynamic interactions between
stands, like the spread of insects and constraints on the size of
cutting blocks, to be directly represented in the simulation.
