HTOPIC SEEDWINWindow "Seedtree" uneven-age management silviculture
\fbSeedtree\f0

This window is used to specify the elements of the Seedtree
silvicultural method.  It is found under the Even-aged:Regeneration
Harvesting action.

Use the text box at the top of this window to change the name of the 
component if you want a different name than that presented as a default.

Use the elements of the scrolling part of the window to set the
parameters of the seedtree cut.  

For information about how to schedule the seedtree cut, see
\lSCHEDOBJSubview:Scheduling Actions by Year or Condition\l

Use the check box to specify if you desire a "Prep cut" to the seed
tree regeneration harvest.  If you check that you desire a prep cut,
then use the radio buttons to select the units of measure for the
residule left from the prep cut.  Then, use the horizontal slide bars
to set the residual.

If you check that you do what a Prep cut, then the scheduling of the
seedtree harvest will be in the FVS \bcyclE:cycle\b following the prep
cut.  If the number of years after the prep cut is set to a value less
than the cycle length, FVS will simulate the prep cut and the seed cut
in the same year.  This is crazy.  So, you must insure that the
seedtree cut is scheduled for a number of years after the prep cut
that is at least as long as the FVS cycles.  By default, Suppose sets
this to be the length of a cycle for most \bvarianT:variants\b.
Perhaps you shouldn't change it!

Use the horizontal slide bar to set the residual trees of the
regeneration harvest portion of the seed cut.

Use the check box to schedule a removal cut, if you want FVS to
simulate the removal of the seed trees.  You can set the percent of
the seed trees removed using the horizontal slide bar.  Note that
changing the removal cut schedule offers the same menacing problem
described above for changing seed tree schedule.

Press \f1Ok\f0 to accept the selections and close the window.  

Press \f1Reset\f0 to reset the window to the state it was in when it
was opened.

Press \f1Cancel\f0 to close the window without creating a component
(or without saving changes to a component you are editing).

Use the \f1Extras\f0 menu and the \f1View Component Keywords\f0 item
if you want to view the FVS keywords generated for the component.


