HTOPIC SELVARWindow "Select Variant and Extension" variant extension run program command
\fbSelect Variant and Extension\f0

Suppose will automatically keep track of the FVS \bvarianT:variant\b
and \bextenS:extensions\b you need to run your simulation.  By picking
stands and other options that require a specific variant or extension,
Suppose determines the FVS \bprograM:program\b that contains the
required features and selects it to run your simulation.  Given the
program is selected, Suppose also picks the correct
\bcommanD:command\b used to run the program on the computer you are
using.

It is best to let Suppose pick these items automatically.

You can use this window to either simply view the selections Suppose
has made or to manually pick a \bvarianT:variant\b, a desired set of 
\bextenS:extensions\b, a \bprograM:program\b, and a \bcommanD:command\b.

Be aware that the selections you make take immediate effect.  There is
no \f1Cancel\f0 button!  

The elements of the window and their behaviors are as follows:

\f1FVS Variants\f0 list button can be used to select a desired variant
from a list of currently legal variants.  Variants are deemed legal if
using them is consistent with selections you have already made for the
simulation you are constructing.  For example, if you have selected an
FVS keyword that is part of an extension, and "OKed" the keyword so
that it is in the simulation, then that extension is "required".  Only
variants that are part of programs that contain the required extension
are legal.

You can lock your variant selection.  Locking a variant means that no
other variant can be used.  From that point on, in the Suppose run,
only programs that contain the locked variant are legal.  And, only
extensions in the legal programs are legal.

\f1FVS Program\f0 list button provides a list of programs that are
currently legal.  If you select a program, the variant it contains
becomes the selected variant and extensions it contains are marked as
selected.  If you lock a program, then the variant and extension set
is also locked.

\f1Run Command\f0 list button will provide the ability to change the run
command.  In Suppose Version 1, this feature is not implemented.

\f1FVS Extensions\f0 list box allows you to select extensions you
desire.  You can pick more than one extension using the multiple
selection methods for list boxes.  Suppose attempts to find a program that
contains all the selected extensions and also contains the currently
selected variant.  If it can not find a program that contains the
currently selected variant, and furthermore if the variant selection
is not locked, then Suppose will search for any program that contains
the desired extensions changing the selected variant if necessary.

You can lock the extension set causing Suppose to insure that the
locked extensions are in all legal programs.  Locking the extensions
is a button rather than a check box because locking one set of 
extensions may not preclude locking some additional extensions.  

\f1Close\f0 simply closes the window.  As stated above, all selections
take place as they are made.  There is no way to cancel or undo your
unwanted selections.

