HTOPIC SHELTWINWindow "One Entry Shelterwood" uneven-age management silviculture
\fbOne Entry Shelterwood\f0

This window is used to specify the elements of a form of the
Shelterwood silvicultural method.  It is found under the Even-aged:Regeneration
Harvesting action.

Use the text box at the top of this window to change the name of the 
component if you want a different name than that presented as a default.

Use the elements of the scrolling part of the window to set the
parameters of the clearcut.  

For information about how to schedule the clearcut, see 
\lSCHEDOBJSubview:Scheduling Actions by Year or Condition\l

Use the check box to specify if you desire a "Prep cut" to the
shelterwood regeneration harvest.  If you check that you desire a prep
cut, then use the radio buttons to select the units of measure for the
residual left from the prep cut.  Then, use the horizontal slide bars
to set the residual.

If you check that you do want a prep cut, then the scheduling of
the shelterwood cut is, by default, in the FVS \bcyclE:cycle\b following
the prep cut.  If the number of years after the prep cut the shelterwood
cut is scheduled is set to a value less than the cycle length, FVS will
simulate the prep cut and the shelterwood cut in the same year.  This is
witless.  So, you must insure that the shelterwood cut is scheduled for
a number of years after the prep cut that is at least as long as the FVS
cycles.  By default, Suppose sets this to be the length of a cycle for most
\bvarianT:variants\b.  Perhaps you shouldn't change it!  

Use the radio buttons to select the unit of measure you want to used
in specifying the residual density and then use the corresponding
horizontal slide bar to set the density.

Use the check box to schedule a removal cut if you want FVS to
simulate one.  You can set the percent of the shelterwood removed
using the horizontal slide bar.  Note that changing the removal cut
schedule offers the same dismal problem described above for
changing shelterwood schedule.

Press \f1Ok\f0 to accept the selections and close the window.  

Press \f1Reset\f0 to reset the window to the state it was in when it
was opened.

Press \f1Cancel\f0 to close the window without creating a component
(or without saving changes to a component you are editing).

Use the \f1Extras\f0 menu and the \f1View Component Keywords\f0 item
if you want to view the FVS keywords generated for the component.

