HTOPIC TIMESCALWindow "Set Time Scale" time scope
\fbSet Time Scale\f0

The \bstartYeaR:common starting\b, \bcycInterval:common cycle length\b, and
\bendYeaR:common ending\b years of a simulation are set using this
window.

Set the \bstartYeaR:common starting year\b by entering a value in the
text edit box or changed using the thumb wheel located to the right of
the text box.

You can not set a common starting year that is prior to the most
recent inventory year.  If you add a stand to the simulation that has
a more recent inventory year than the common starting you set using
this window, Suppose changes the value you set without warning you.

The default common starting year is the most recent inventory year of
all stands in the simulation, or a year taken from the computer system
clock when no stands are in the simulation.

Set the \bendYeaR:common cycle length\b by entering a value in text
edit box.  The value must be greater than 0 and less than or equal to
20.

Set the \bendYeaR:common ending year\b by entering a value in the text
edit box or changed using the slide bar located below the text edit box.
The slide bar's thumb buttons change the bar in one year increments.
The bar's "page" increment is equal to the preferred cycle length for
the variant you are using. 

The default common ending year is equal to the starting year plus the
product of the preferred time interval times 10 intervals.  For most
FVS \bvarianT:variants\b the default is 100 years, for some it is 50.

You can not set an ending year that is prior to the starting year.

Two buttons appear on this window.  

\f1Ok\f0 will cause Suppose to remember the settings you have made in
this window.

\f1Cancel\f0 will cause Suppose to ignore the settings you have made
in this window.

In either case, the window is closed when the buttons are pushed.

\fbNotes:\f0

If some of the stands in a simulation were inventoried prior to the
common starting year, Suppose sets up the proper FVS commands to
insure that they are simulated up to the common starting year.

Suppose sets up the proper FVS commands to insure that the simulation
of all stands ends on the common ending year.

FVS allows for up to 40 time intervals in a given simulation.
Furthermore, FVS allows for the length of the time intervals to vary.
Suppose has \bvarianT:variant\b-specific data (stored in the
\bparameteR:parameters file\b) that dictates the preferred length of
each time interval.  The maximum simulation length is the product of
40 times the preferred interval length.  Suppose insures that FVS uses
the preferred lengths (unless you use the TimeInt keyword, see below)
for all intervals except those needed to simulate the time between the
inventory year and the common starting year.

Suppose Version 1 does not provide the capability to control the
time intervals of each stand independently in a coordinated way.  
Knowledgeable FVS users may find it possible to use the FVS TimeInt
\bkrecordS:keyword\b to modify the cycle lengths for individual
stands.  While this may work, please note that the use of this
capability is not coordinated with the time scale window.  

