HTOPIC USEKEYWindow "Use FVS Keywords" keyword 
\fbUse FVS Keywords\f0

The Use FVS Keywords window provides access to FVS
\bkeywordS:keywords\b.  Its is intended to be used only if you 
can not accomplish your desired task using any of these other 
windows:

\n
\lSELECTEcosystemButton:Select Ecosystem Components\l
\lSELECTModelOutputButton:Select Model Outputs\l
\lCMNGWINWindow:Management Actions\l
\lSPECIFYModelModButton:Specify Model Modifiers\l
\w

The windows listed above generally do not require any prior knowledge
of FVS keywords. 

Of course, you may use this window anytime you wish!

There are three list boxes.  The first displays a list of FVS
\bextenS:extensions\b that are available for you to use.  Suppose
automatically selects the Base FVS system from this list.  Use the
mouse to pick a different extension if you desire one.

Sometimes the list will not contain an extension that you had seen
earlier during a given Suppose session.  Extensions are deleted
automatically by Suppose when the use of one extension precludes the
use of another.  If neither of two conflicting extensions are in use,
both will be in the list until one is used and then the other one will
be deleted.  Unfortunately, Suppose does not notify you of what
extensions are conflicting nor does Suppose return an extension to the
list if you delete the \bcomponenT:components\b that caused the
conflicts.

The second list box displays categories of keywords.  The first
category, All keywords, includes all the keywords in an extension.  You
may select a category to limit the keyword list found on the Keyword
list box located on the right side of the window.  Some keywords are
in more than one category.  Use the mouse to select a category.

The last list box contains the Keywords.  You can select a keyword
with the mouse.  A brief description of the keyword is displayed at
the bottom of the screen.  Once you are sure you have selected the
correct keyword, press the Accept button.  As an alternative, you may
double click on the keyword.  A window used to set the parameters of
the keyword will open.

As an alternative to using the category and keyword list boxes, you
can type the keyword you desire in the \f1Select Keyword\f0 text edit
window found at the bottom of the Keyword list box.  Press the Enter
key to cause Suppose to look for the keyword, and start the necessary
window.

The three buttons on this window do the following:

\f1Accept\f0 will cause a window to open that is used to set the
parameters of the desired keyword.

\f1Reset\f0 will cause the lists return to starting conditions.

\f1Close\f0 will close this window.  Note that this window need not be
closed to proceed with building the simulation.

See topic \lGPKEYWindow:FVS Keyword Entry Windows\l for information
about how to set the parameters of these windows.


